DOC-1958: Tab navigation no longer incorrectly stops at menu buttons within toolbar groups. (#2687)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.4.2-release-notes.adoc

// {productname} 6.4.2 also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Tab navigation no longer incorrectly stops at menu buttons within toolbar groups.

In previous versions of {productname}, having a menu button in the “more” floating toolbar, would cause issues with the navigation behaviour.

> As a consquence, Tabbing would stop at the menu button, rather than stopping at the toolbar groups **first** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence, Tabbing stopped at the menu button, rather than stopping at the toolbar group’s first button.
```
Copy-edits and typos.

> To fix this issue, {productname} removed `tabstopping` capability for menu buttons when they are rendered inside toolbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, {productname} removed *tabstopping* capability for menu buttons when they are rendered inside toolbar.
```
Copy-edit.

Also: two questions.

1. _rendered inside toolbar_ is missing a word.
	Is it the indefinite article — _rendered inside **a** toolbar_.
	Or a qualifying adjective — _rendered inside **the floating** toolbar_ or _rendered inside **a floating** toolbar_
	Or something else?

2. Is *tabstopping* a term of local art or a neologism?
	If it’s a neologism, is there a longer string that describes the removed capability, especially a longer string used by developers to describe the capability?

Author: @brian-forte will answer the above questions in the current conversation thread.

> === Tab navigation no longer incorrectly stops at menu buttons within toolbar groups.
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, having a menu button in the “more” floating toolbar, would cause issues with the navigation behaviour.
> 
> As a consequence, Tabbing stopped at the menu button, rather than stopping at the toolbar group’s first button.
> 
> To fix this issue, {productname} removed *tabstopping* capability for menu buttons when they are rendered inside toolbar.
> 
> As a result, Tabbing now correctly stops at the first button within a toolbar group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Tab navigation no longer incorrectly stops at menu buttons within toolbar groups.
In previous versions of {productname}, menu buttons were assigned an internal attribute.

When the More toolbar button — … — was opened, and the, now-visible, floating toolbar contained a menu button, using the Tab key to navigate through the floating toolbar icons would, because of this attribute and in some circumstances, stop progressing through the toolbar and, sometimes, enter a selection loop.

For this update this internal attribute has been removed and using the Tab key to activate floating toolbar icons progresses through these icons as expected.
```

Suggested edit, as per the discussion on Slack.

> As a result, Tabbing now correctly stops only at the **first** button within the toolbar group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, Tabbing now correctly stops at the first button within a toolbar group.
```

Copy edit.
